Notes on ptrtut12.zip  Feb. 2002
This tutorial consists of a collection of HTML files all
of which can be accessed using a typical Web Browser such
as Netscape or Internet Explorer.  The files included are:

  Pointers.htm
  prefacex.htm
  introx.htm
  ch1x.htm
  ch2x.htm
  ch3x.htm
  ch4x.htm
  ch5x.htm
  ch6x.htm
  ch7x.htm
  ch8x.htm
  ch9x.htm
  ch10x.htm
  epilogx.htm

The 'home page' is Pointers.htm.

Put all these files in a separate folder, if they are
not already there.  Then....
                                                
To access these files, load your Browser offline and then
'File'/Open/ Pointers.htm    

If you don't know how to do this see my notes below.

Ted Jensen
tjensen@ix.netcom.com

NOTES:  Exactly how one goes about using their Web Browser
off line depends on which web browser they are using and
which platform they are on.  While the following method may
not work for all browsers on all platforms, it should work
with just about any browser working under Windows95 or 98.
If you already know how to use your browser off line to read
an HTML file, ignore what follows as it is not the most efficient
approach to take, just the easiest to explain!

  To use your browser offline, log on to your Internet Service
Provider, i.e. go online first.  Once everything is up and running,
you should have a 'button' on your Win95 or Win98 taskbar
(very bottom of your screen) with an icon showing a couple of
terminals and a telephone with the first part of the name
of your Internet Service Provider.  Left click on this and 
a small window should pop up which includes a 'Disconnect'
button.  Click on this to disconnet yourself from your 
ISP.  You now have the use of your browser offline.  You
can now use 'File'/'Open' to open any file on disk drive(s)
which have the .htm or .html file extension.

  To access the tutorial on pointers, use 'File'/'Open' to
locate the folder you saved the tutorial in and then open
'Pointers.htm'.

  If you have problems, contact me at 

    tjensen@ix.netcom.com

Ted Jensen
Redwood City, California
tjensen@ix.netcom.com



   
